<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="acme-usermanual">
 <title>AcmeTasker User Manual</title>
 <body>
 <p>Welcome to AcmeTasker, the leading task management software designed for teams of all sizes. This document serves as the official user manual, providing comprehensive instructions on how to use the application and its features.</p>
 <section>
 <title>Introduction</title>
 <p>This manual covers the core functionality of AcmeTasker, helping end users understand how to use the application effectively. It includes step-by-step procedures, tips, and best practices.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>System Requirements</title>
 <p>AcmeTasker is a web-based application compatible with the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge. A stable internet connection is required. For mobile access, the iOS and Android apps require the latest 2 major OS releases.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Installation Summary</title>
 <p>Refer to the installation guide for setup instructions. Once the server is running, navigate to the URL provided by your administrator. The application uses SSL/TLS and should be accessed via HTTPS.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Getting Started</title>
 <p>After logging in for the first time, complete the profile setup wizard. Use the <code>+ New Task</code> button to create your first task, and explore the tutorial overlay for guided assistance.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Interface Overview</title>
 <p>The application comprises a navigation pane, task list, and detail view. Use filters to sort tasks by status, priority, or assignee. A persistent search bar is available at the top of every screen.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Creating and Managing Tasks</title>
 <p>Tasks contain a title, description, due date, priority, and attachments. You can assign tasks to teammates and add comments. Use subtasks and dependencies to model complex workflows.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Projects and Boards</title>
 <p>Group tasks into projects or boards. Each project has its own set of tasks and custom fields. Board views support kanban-style drag-and-drop task movement.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Collaboration Features</title>
 <p>Use mentions, comments, and file sharing to collaborate. Team members receive notifications when they are mentioned. Real-time presence indicators show who is viewing or editing a task.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Notifications</title>
 <p>Notifications can be configured in user settings. Choose email, SMS, or in-app alerts for task updates. Notification preferences are set per project and global defaults may be overridden.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Settings and Preferences</title>
 <p>Access your profile to change language, timezone, and notification preferences. Administrators can enforce password policies and manage user roles via the Admin Console.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Keyboard Shortcuts</title>
 <p>Press <code>?</code> while in the app to display a list of available shortcuts for faster navigation. Common shortcuts include <code>n</code> for new task and <code>f</code> to focus the search bar.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Tips and Tricks</title>
 <p>Use tags to categorize tasks, and use the search bar to quickly locate items across projects. Pin frequently used projects and create templates for recurring task sets.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Accessibility</title>
 <p>AcmeTasker adheres to WCAG 2.1 AA guidelines. Screen reader support and high-contrast modes are available under the accessibility settings.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Mobile App</title>
 <p>The mobile app offers offline support. Changes are synchronized when the device regains connectivity. Push notifications alert you to task updates.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Administration</title>
 <p>Administrators can manage users, projects, and system-wide settings. Access the Admin Console via the user menu if you have the appropriate privileges.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Backup and Restore</title>
 <p>Data backups are performed nightly by default. Administrators may initiate manual backups and restore from previous snapshots through the Admin Console.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Localization</title>
 <p>The interface supports multiple languages. Users may select their preferred language in profile settings; administrators can add new translations.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Appendix A: Glossary</title>
 <p><term>Task</term> A work item tracked in AcmeTasker.</p>
 <p><term>Project</term> A collection of related tasks.</p>
 </section>
 <section>
 <title>Appendix B: Contact Support</title>
 <p>If you need further assistance, email <email>support@acmetasker.com</email> or visit our help center at <url>https://support.acmetasker.com</url>.</p>
 </section>
 </body>
</topic>
